nix-*: add Chinese translation (#20469)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/nix.md

# nix

> A powerful package manager that makes package management reliable, reproducible, and declarative.

> > Some features of `nix` (`nix command`, `flakes`, etc) is experimental and requires enabling experimental features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some features of `nix` (`nix command`, `flakes`, etc) are experimental and require enabling experimental features.
```
